This agreement is between you and Science Grandpa ("Science Grandpa", “the Skill”, “Us” or “We”)  governs your use of the Science Grandpa Skill on Amazon’s Alexa service (“Alexa”) on any Alexa-enabled device (the “Skill”). This agreement applies in addition to any other policy contract or agreement that you may have with Us or which applies to you. 

Before using this Skill, please review these Terms of Use, as well as the Privacy Policy, available here. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use in their entirety, do not use the Skill.


Please review your agreements with Amazon to learn how Amazon uses the information that you provide to Alexa.
Third party security: Depending on your device’s security settings, it may be possible for you to allow other users access to the Skill. 
By allowing other users to use the Skill, you assume all liability and responsibility for how the Skill and any information obtained from the Skill is accessed and used. We will not be liable for any unintended use of the Skill by users you have authorized to have access to Alexa and to the Skill.
Accuracy: Alexa and your Alexa-enabled device were not designed or manufactured by Science Grandpa. Alexa uses software that was not designed by Science Grandpa and over which we have no control. It is possible that Alexa may not hear you properly, may misinterpret what you say, or may say something to you that is different than the information that We provided to Alexa in response to your question. By accepting this Agreement, you understand and agree that Science Grandpa is not responsible for any inaccuracies or discrepancies in the information that you receive from Alexa or by using the Skill. If you have any concerns about the accuracy or completeness of any information you receive from Alexa, you can still access your benefits information through www.Science Grandpa.ca, through the Science Grandpa Group Benefits App, or by calling us at 1-800-268-6195 between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. EST Monday to Friday. In the case of any the information on our internal systems will prevail over any information provided through Alexa. Please refer to your benefits booklet for more information for full coverage and eligibility details.
Pilot: This Skill is part of a pilot and it is possible that the Skill may not work correctly, or work at all. 
Science Grandpa is not responsible for any technical errors or failure of Alexa or an Alexa-enabled device to work as expected. 

Release of Information: by installing and using the Skill, you agree that Amazon may use your information to complete your request through Alexa, 
and you authorize Science Grandpa to share with Amazon the information we require to complete your request. 
When you use the Skill, the information that you communicate to Alexa is shared with Amazon, and is then sent to Science Grandpa. 
Science Grandpa then sends the information which you have requested to Amazon, which is then communicated back to you with you through Alexa. 
Both Amazon and Science Grandpa use the internet to communicate with one another. 
If you do not agree that Amazon may receive and use your information, do not use the Skill.
Science Grandpa’s use of your information is governed by Science Grandpa’s Privacy Policy.

Changes and Amendments: We may change or discontinue the Skill or any part of it, at any time, with no notice to you and at our sole discretion. 
If we update these Terms and Conditions, the updated Terms and Conditions will be available in the description of the skill in your Alexa App.
Your continued use of the Skill will be understood by us as your acceptance of the change.
Termination: we may terminate your access to the Skill at any time and without notice if you fail to comply with any of these terms. 
We may also terminate your access to the Skill if the Skill is no longer available.

DISCLAIMER: YOU ASSUME ALL RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THE SKILL. ALL INFORMATION IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION AS TO FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE SKILL IS FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY, AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE ADVICE OF ANY KIND.
Copyright and Intellectual Property: Unless otherwise specified, all information and descriptions provided via the Skill are the copyrighted property of Science Grandpa and are protected by intellectual property laws. You may only use the information and descriptions contained in the Skill, without alteration, for personal, non-commercial purposes. All other uses are prohibited.
Science Grandpa and the Block Design are trademarks of The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company and are used by it, and its affiliates, under license.
